I'm currently recording a text to speech dataset.
Once I'm done, I'll be able to train an Ay I model on it.
The field of neural speech synthesis is progressing rapidly.
Nowadays, a voice can be cloned with mere minutes of data.
The newly introduced bill was overly scrutinized.
They say they've heard a disturbing howl from nearby the house.
She considered this program harmful, but it was too late to speak up.
Oddly enough, they seem to treat it as a badge of honor.
The national conference is held on Thursdays and Saturdays.
This knowledge will be quintessential to your survival.
She went outside on a windy night wearing a fluffy jacket.
All these security measures seemed ridiculous from his viewpoint.
Some people would call that a transformative experience.
She planned for this. There are several decoys around the workplace.
This is typical of her. She has an adventurous spirit.
They've recently placed an embargo on chloride shipments.
We have received confirmation of the thunderbolt strike.
Understood. I will let them know as soon as I come back.
This version is considered more appealing due to its smoother surface.
In a shocking turn of events, the candidate was outvoted.
The container to his left burst into flames. This did not faze him.
She said she was astounded by the orchestral performance.
They were going to buy matching T shirts, but decided against it.
The gun was confiscated as part of the investigation.
The overgrown vines had made movement very difficult.
Retro games pack amazing gameplay into mere kilobytes.
There is no need to worry. This boat is waterproof.
He punctuated his sentences with various superlatives.
Adjusted for inflation, it was worth as much as a car today.
This orientation course will teach you everything you need to know.
Interpretations vary, but most people agree about this part.
Its wings fluttered gently in the breeze under the rising sun.
They confronted him about it. Soon, he was dethroned.
They played a short round of blackjack before leaving the casino.
He was not surprised. This was the seventh time that had happened.
I fumbled for my keys as I approached the wooden entrance.
The nut came loose, causing the device to collapse. All hope was lost.
He started idly drumming on the table out of boredom.
Her mad desire for revenge quickly flooded her mind.
The engine started revving up in preparation for the stunt.
The inbox was filled to the brim with unnecessary complaints.
We have not budgeted for renting extra storage silos.
My nephew has recently learned to walk. We are all proud of him.
He was not allowed to take the box nor the items therein.
Moreover, he would've neglected it if he hadn't been there.
The documentary was well received in the neighborhood.
She finds it difficult to pick up on nuances in literature.
Do whatever you feel like doing. It's your choice, after all.
This animal is informally referred to as a roly poly.
Nobody could've imagined that it'd become a breakout hit.